README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://robocadsim.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CADindustries/container/main/logos/AbdrakovSolutions.png" alt="Abdrakov.Solutions logo" width="340" height="340">
  </a>
</p>
<h1 align="center">Abdrakov.Solutions</h1>  

[![Nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Abdrakov.Solutions.svg)](http://nuget.org/packages/Abdrakov.Solutions)
[![Nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/dt/Abdrakov.Solutions.svg)](http://nuget.org/packages/Abdrakov.Solutions)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/CrackAndDie/Abdrakov.Solutions/blob/main/LICENSE)

<h2>About:</h2>  

A package that helps You to create a powerful, flexible and loosely coupled WPF application. It fully supports Prism features and MVVM pattern.  

<h2>Download:</h2>  

<h3>.NET CLI:</h3>  

```dotnet add package Abdrakov.Solutions```

<h3>Package Reference:</h3>  

```<PackageReference Include="Abdrakov.Solutions" Version="*" />```  

<h2>Demo:</h2>  

Demo could be downloaded from [releases](https://github.com/CrackAndDie/Abdrakov.Solutions/releases)  

<img src="https://github.com/CrackAndDie/Abdrakov.Solutions/assets/52558686/b35455e9-f6f4-4c3a-bd5a-b6b71dac4223" alt="image1" width="440">  
<img src="https://github.com/CrackAndDie/Abdrakov.Solutions/assets/52558686/db299c87-7bb2-4489-972c-3065708d0b24" alt="image2" width="440">  

<h2>Getting started:</h2>  

<h3>Topics:</h3>  

- [First steps](#first-steps)
- [Preview window](#preview-window)
- [Theme registrations](#theme-registrations)
- [Localization](#localization)
- [Window progress indicator](#window-progress-indicator)
- [Logging](#logging)
- [Custom controls on window header](#custom-controls-on-window-header)
- [Observables and Observers](#observables-and-observers)

<h3>First steps:</h3>  

When you created your WPF app you should rewrite your *App.xaml* and *App.xaml.cs* files as follows:
```xaml
<engine:AbdrakovApplication x:Class="YourNamespace.App"
                            xmlns="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml/presentation"
                            xmlns:x="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml"
                            xmlns:local="clr-namespace:YourNamespace"
                            xmlns:engine="clr-namespace:Abdrakov.Engine.MVVM;assembly=Abdrakov.Engine">
</engine:AbdrakovApplication>
```

```cs
namespace YourNamespace
{
    public partial class App : AbdrakovApplication
    {
        protected override void OnStartup(StartupEventArgs e)
        {
            base.OnStartup(e);
        }

        protected override Window CreateShell()
        {
            var viewModelService = Container.Resolve<IViewModelResolverService>();
            viewModelService.RegisterViewModelAssembly(Assembly.GetExecutingAssembly());

            return base.CreateShell();
        }

        protected override void OnExit(ExitEventArgs e)
        {
            base.OnExit(e);
        }

        protected override void RegisterTypes(IContainerRegistry containerRegistry)
        {
            base.RegisterTypes(containerRegistry);
            containerRegistry.RegisterInstance(new BaseWindowSettings()
            {
                ProductName = "Abdrakov.Demo",
                LogoImage = "pack://application:,,,/Abdrakov.Tests;component/Resources/AbdrakovSolutions.png",
            });
            containerRegistry.RegisterSingleton<IBaseWindow, MainWindowView>();
        }

        protected override void ConfigureModuleCatalog(IModuleCatalog moduleCatalog)
        {
            base.ConfigureModuleCatalog(moduleCatalog);
            // ...
        }
    }
}
```

As you can see there is a *BaseWindowSettings* registration that gives you quite flexible setting of your Window (in this example we use *MainWindowView* from *Abdrakov.CommonWPF* namespace). Here you can see all the available settings of the Window:
- *LogoImage* - Path to the logo image of your app like ```"pack://application:,,,/Abdrakov.Tests;component/Resources/AbdrakovSolutions.png"```
- *ProductName* - Title text that will be shown on the window header
- *MinimizeButtonVisibility* - How should be Minimize button be shown (default is Visible)
- *MaxResButtonsVisibility* - How should be Maximize and Restore buttons be shown (default is Visible)
- *WindowProgressVisibility* - How should be Progress state be shown (default is Visible)
- *SmoothAppear* - How sould be window appeared (true - smooth, false - as usual)

You can use *Regions.MAIN_REGION* to navigate in the *MainWindowView*:
```cs
internal class MainModule : IModule
{
    public void OnInitialized(IContainerProvider containerProvider)
    {
        var region = containerProvider.Resolve<IRegionManager>();
        // the view to display on start up
        region.RegisterViewWithRegion(Regions.MAIN_REGION, typeof(MainPageView));
    }

    public void RegisterTypes(IContainerRegistry containerRegistry)
    {
        containerRegistry.RegisterForNavigation<MainPageView>();
    }
}
```

<h3>Preview window:</h3>  

You can create your own preview window using *Abdrakov.Solutions*. Your preview window has to implement *IPreviewWindow* interface. Here is the sample preview window that shows up for 4 seconds:
```cs
public partial class PreviewWindowView : Window, IPreviewWindow
{
    private DispatcherTimer timer;
    public PreviewWindowView()
    {
        InitializeComponent();

        timer = new DispatcherTimer()
        {
            Interval = TimeSpan.FromSeconds(4),
        };
        timer.Tick += (s, a) => { CallPreviewDoneEvent(); };
        timer.Start();
    }

    public void CallPreviewDoneEvent()
    {
        timer.Stop();
        var cont = (Application.Current as AbdrakovApplication).Container;
        cont.Resolve<IEventAggregator>().GetEvent<PreviewDoneEvent>().Publish();
        this.Close();
    }
}
```

Your preview window should be also registered like this:
```cs
protected override void RegisterTypes(IContainerRegistry containerRegistry)
{
    base.RegisterTypes(containerRegistry);

    containerRegistry.RegisterSingleton<IPreviewWindow, PreviewWindowView>();

    // ...
}
```

Registered Window under *IBaseWindow* interface will be shown up after *PreviewDoneEvent* event call.

<h3>Theme registrations:</h3>  

Abdrakov.Solutions supports realtime theme change and flexible object registrations. Here is the sample code to register *ThemeSwitcherService* in your App (if you don't want the theme change service in your project you can skip this registration):
```cs
containerRegistry.RegisterInstance(new ThemeSwitcherService<Themes>()
{
    NameOfDictionary = "ThemeHolder",
    ThemeSources = new Dictionary<Themes, string>()
    {
        { Themes.Dark, "/Abdrakov.Demo;component/Resources/Themes/DarkTheme.xaml" },
        { Themes.Light, "/Abdrakov.Demo;component/Resources/Themes/LightTheme.xaml" },
    },
});
```

In my app *Themes* is an enum of themes for the app:
```c#
public enum Themes
{
    Dark,
    Light
}
```

Using the *ThemeSwitcherService* you can change an App's theme in realtime using method *ChangeTheme(theme)* and get current theme using method *GetCurrentTheme()*.   

For proper work of *ThemeSwitcherService* You should create *ResourceDictionaries* for each theme You have and a *ResourceDictionary* that will hold all the changes of themes. So in my project I created *DarkTheme.xaml*, *LightTheme.xaml* and *ThemeHolder.xaml*.  
*DarkTheme.xaml*:
```xaml
<ResourceDictionary xmlns="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml/presentation"
                    xmlns:x="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml">
    <Color x:Key="TextForegroundBrushColor">AliceBlue</Color>
    <SolidColorBrush x:Key="TextForegroundBrush" 
                     Color="{DynamicResource TextForegroundBrushColor}"/>

    <Color x:Key="WindowStatusBrushColor">#2f80ed</Color>
    <SolidColorBrush x:Key="WindowStatusBrush"
                     Color="{DynamicResource WindowStatusBrushColor}" />

    <Color x:Key="WindowBrushColor">#070c13</Color>
    <SolidColorBrush x:Key="WindowBrush"
                     Color="{DynamicResource WindowBrushColor}" />
</ResourceDictionary>
```
*LightTheme.xaml*:
```xaml
<ResourceDictionary xmlns="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml/presentation"
                    xmlns:x="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml">
    <Color x:Key="TextForegroundBrushColor">Black</Color>
    <SolidColorBrush x:Key="TextForegroundBrush"
                     Color="{DynamicResource TextForegroundBrushColor}" />
    
    <Color x:Key="WindowStatusBrushColor">#2f80ed</Color>
    <SolidColorBrush x:Key="WindowStatusBrush"
                     Color="{DynamicResource WindowStatusBrushColor}" />
    
    <Color x:Key="WindowBrushColor">#fefefe</Color>
    <SolidColorBrush x:Key="WindowBrush"
                     Color="{DynamicResource WindowBrushColor}" />
</ResourceDictionary>
```
*ThemeHolder.xaml* (You should set here a default theme):
```xaml
<ResourceDictionary xmlns="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml/presentation"
                    xmlns:x="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml">
    <ResourceDictionary.MergedDictionaries>
        <ResourceDictionary Source="/Abdrakov.Demo;component/Resources/Themes/DarkTheme.xaml"/>
    </ResourceDictionary.MergedDictionaries>
</ResourceDictionary>
```

Here are the colors and brushes that should be registered in your app:
- *TextForegroundBrush(Color)* - The colors of the product name and window buttons
- *WindowStatusBrush(Color)* - The colors of the window progress indicator
- *WindowBrush(Color)* - The colors of the window and window header backgrounds

The holder of *.xaml* theme files (*ThemeHolder.xaml*) should be merged into Your app resources like this:
```xaml
<engine:AbdrakovApplication x:Class="Abdrakov.Demo.App"
                            xmlns="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml/presentation"
                            xmlns:x="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml"
                            xmlns:local="clr-namespace:Abdrakov.Demo"
                            xmlns:engine="clr-namespace:Abdrakov.Engine.MVVM;assembly=Abdrakov.Engine">
    <Application.Resources>
        <ResourceDictionary>
            <ResourceDictionary.MergedDictionaries>
                <ResourceDictionary Source="/Abdrakov.Demo;component/Resources/Themes/ThemeHolder.xaml"/>
            </ResourceDictionary.MergedDictionaries>
        </ResourceDictionary>
    </Application.Resources>
</engine:AbdrakovApplication>
```
  
Registered colors and brushes could be used as DynamicResources like that:
```xaml
<Rectangle Fill="{DynamicResource TestBrush}"/>
```

There is also a *ThemeChangedEvent* event that is called through *IEventAggregator* with *ThemeChangedEventArgs*. You can subscribe like this (*IEventAggregator* is already resolved in *ViewModelBase*):
```c#
(Application.Current as AbdrakovApplication).Container.Resolve<IEventAggregator>().GetEvent<ThemeChangedEvent>().Subscribe(YourMethod);
```

<h3>Localization:</h3>  

*Abdrakov.Solutions* also provides you a great realtime localization solution. To use it you should create a folder *Localization* in your project and make some changes in your *App.xaml.cs* file:
```cs
public partial class App : AbdrakovApplication
{
    protected override void OnStartup(StartupEventArgs e)
    {
        LocalizationManager.InitializeExternal(Assembly.GetExecutingAssembly(), new ObservableCollection<Language>()
        {
            new Language() { Name = "EN" },
            new Language() { Name = "RU" },
        });  // initialization of LocalizationManager static service
        // ...
        base.OnStartup(e);
    }
}
```

In the *Localization* folder you create Resource files with translations and call it as follows - "FileName"."Language".resx (Gui.resx or Gui.ru.resx). Default resource file doesn't need to have the "Language" part.  

Now you can use it like this:
```xaml
<TextBlock Text="{LocalizedResource MainPage.TestText}"
            Foreground="{DynamicResource TextForegroundBrush}" />
```
Or via *Binding*s:
```xaml
<TextBlock Text="{LocalizedResource {Binding TestText}}"
            Foreground="{DynamicResource TextForegroundBrush}" />
```
(I have this in my *.resx* files):  
![image](https://github.com/CrackAndDie/Abdrakov.Solutions/assets/52558686/d7e8969d-1f9e-4f2d-938a-d6e9c483f16c)
![image](https://github.com/CrackAndDie/Abdrakov.Solutions/assets/52558686/56e85807-d49f-448e-8fe1-f49d0b4158ce)

To change current localization you can change *LocalizationManager.CurrentLanguage* property like this:
```cs
LocalizationManager.CurrentLanguage = CultureInfo.GetCultureInfo(lang.Name.ToLower());
```
In this examle *lang* is an instance of *Language* class.  

<h3>Window progress indicator:</h3>  

There is also a progress indicator on the *MainWindowView* header that could be used to show user current window status. To handle this status you can resolve *IWindowProgressService* service (or use *WindowProgressService* property of *ViewModelBase*) and use *AddWaiter()* method to add waiter to the service and *RemoveWaiter()* when the job is done. You can also handle *WindowProgressChangedEvent* by yourself using *IEventAggregator*.  

<h3>Logging:</h3>  

To log your app's work you can resolve *ILoggingService* that is just an adapter of *Log4netLoggingService* or use *LoggingService* property of *ViewModelBase*.  

You can find the log file in you running assembly directory called *cadlog.log*.  

<h3>Custom controls on window header:</h3>  

You can also create some Your custom control on the window header. There are two regions used for this - *Regions.HEADER_RIGHT_REGION* and *Regions.HEADER_LEFT_REGION*. The left one is on the left side of header progress bar and the right one is on the right side. The height of the header is 22 pixels. Here is an example of how to register there Your views:
```c#
internal class HeaderModule : IModule
{
    public void OnInitialized(IContainerProvider containerProvider)
    {
        var region = containerProvider.Resolve<IRegionManager>();

        region.RegisterViewWithRegion(Regions.HEADER_RIGHT_REGION, typeof(RightControlView));
        region.RegisterViewWithRegion(Regions.HEADER_LEFT_REGION, typeof(LeftControlView));
    }

    public void RegisterTypes(IContainerRegistry containerRegistry)
    {
        containerRegistry.RegisterForNavigation<RightControlView>();
        containerRegistry.RegisterForNavigation<LeftControlView>();
    }
}
```

<h3>Observables and Observers:</h3>  

*Abdrakov.Solutions* provides You some methods to observe property changes in a bindable class. An example:
```c#
this.WhenPropertyChanged(x => x.BindableBrush).Subscribe((b) =>
{
    Debug.WriteLine($"Current brush is: {b}");
});
```  
Where *BindableBrush* is declared as:
```c#
[Notify]
public SolidColorBrush BindableBrush { get; set; }
```  
You should use [DynamicData](https://github.com/reactivemarbles/DynamicData) or [ReactiveUI](https://github.com/reactiveui/ReactiveUI) that provide more powerful work with *Observer* pattern.

<h2>Powered by:</h2>  

- *Abdrakov.Solutions*' logo - [Regina Danilkina](https://www.behance.net/reginadanilkina)
- [Prism](https://github.com/PrismLibrary/Prism)
- [log4net](https://github.com/apache/logging-log4net)
- *Abdrakov.Engine.Localization* is a rewritten part of [WPFLocalizeExtension](https://github.com/XAMLMarkupExtensions/WPFLocalizeExtension)

Commit message:

Update README.md - require of PVS-Studio

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://robocadsim.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CADindustries/container/main/logos/AbdrakovSolutions.png" alt="Abdrakov.Solutions logo" width="340" height="340">
  </a>
</p>
<h1 align="center">Abdrakov.Solutions</h1>  

[![Nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Abdrakov.Solutions.svg)](http://nuget.org/packages/Abdrakov.Solutions)
[![Nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/dt/Abdrakov.Solutions.svg)](http://nuget.org/packages/Abdrakov.Solutions)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/CrackAndDie/Abdrakov.Solutions/blob/main/LICENSE)

<h2>About:</h2>  

A package that helps You to create a powerful, flexible and loosely coupled WPF application. It fully supports Prism features and MVVM pattern.  

<h2>Download:</h2>  

<h3>.NET CLI:</h3>  

```dotnet add package Abdrakov.Solutions```

<h3>Package Reference:</h3>  

```<PackageReference Include="Abdrakov.Solutions" Version="*" />```  

<h2>Demo:</h2>  

Demo could be downloaded from [releases](https://github.com/CrackAndDie/Abdrakov.Solutions/releases)  

<img src="https://github.com/CrackAndDie/Abdrakov.Solutions/assets/52558686/b35455e9-f6f4-4c3a-bd5a-b6b71dac4223" alt="image1" width="440">  
<img src="https://github.com/CrackAndDie/Abdrakov.Solutions/assets/52558686/db299c87-7bb2-4489-972c-3065708d0b24" alt="image2" width="440">  

<h2>Getting started:</h2>  

<h3>Topics:</h3>  

- [First steps](#first-steps)
- [Preview window](#preview-window)
- [Theme registrations](#theme-registrations)
- [Localization](#localization)
- [Window progress indicator](#window-progress-indicator)
- [Logging](#logging)
- [Custom controls on window header](#custom-controls-on-window-header)
- [Observables and Observers](#observables-and-observers)

<h3>First steps:</h3>  

When you created your WPF app you should rewrite your *App.xaml* and *App.xaml.cs* files as follows:
```xaml
<engine:AbdrakovApplication x:Class="YourNamespace.App"
                            xmlns="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml/presentation"
                            xmlns:x="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml"
                            xmlns:local="clr-namespace:YourNamespace"
                            xmlns:engine="clr-namespace:Abdrakov.Engine.MVVM;assembly=Abdrakov.Engine">
</engine:AbdrakovApplication>
```

```cs
namespace YourNamespace
{
    public partial class App : AbdrakovApplication
    {
        protected override void OnStartup(StartupEventArgs e)
        {
            base.OnStartup(e);
        }

        protected override Window CreateShell()
        {
            var viewModelService = Container.Resolve<IViewModelResolverService>();
            viewModelService.RegisterViewModelAssembly(Assembly.GetExecutingAssembly());

            return base.CreateShell();
        }

        protected override void OnExit(ExitEventArgs e)
        {
            base.OnExit(e);
        }

        protected override void RegisterTypes(IContainerRegistry containerRegistry)
        {
            base.RegisterTypes(containerRegistry);
            containerRegistry.RegisterInstance(new BaseWindowSettings()
            {
                ProductName = "Abdrakov.Demo",
                LogoImage = "pack://application:,,,/Abdrakov.Tests;component/Resources/AbdrakovSolutions.png",
            });
            containerRegistry.RegisterSingleton<IBaseWindow, MainWindowView>();
        }

        protected override void ConfigureModuleCatalog(IModuleCatalog moduleCatalog)
        {
            base.ConfigureModuleCatalog(moduleCatalog);
            // ...
        }
    }
}
```

As you can see there is a *BaseWindowSettings* registration that gives you quite flexible setting of your Window (in this example we use *MainWindowView* from *Abdrakov.CommonWPF* namespace). Here you can see all the available settings of the Window:
- *LogoImage* - Path to the logo image of your app like ```"pack://application:,,,/Abdrakov.Tests;component/Resources/AbdrakovSolutions.png"```
- *ProductName* - Title text that will be shown on the window header
- *MinimizeButtonVisibility* - How should be Minimize button be shown (default is Visible)
- *MaxResButtonsVisibility* - How should be Maximize and Restore buttons be shown (default is Visible)
- *WindowProgressVisibility* - How should be Progress state be shown (default is Visible)
- *SmoothAppear* - How sould be window appeared (true - smooth, false - as usual)

You can use *Regions.MAIN_REGION* to navigate in the *MainWindowView*:
```cs
internal class MainModule : IModule
{
    public void OnInitialized(IContainerProvider containerProvider)
    {
        var region = containerProvider.Resolve<IRegionManager>();
        // the view to display on start up
        region.RegisterViewWithRegion(Regions.MAIN_REGION, typeof(MainPageView));
    }

    public void RegisterTypes(IContainerRegistry containerRegistry)
    {
        containerRegistry.RegisterForNavigation<MainPageView>();
    }
}
```

<h3>Preview window:</h3>  

You can create your own preview window using *Abdrakov.Solutions*. Your preview window has to implement *IPreviewWindow* interface. Here is the sample preview window that shows up for 4 seconds:
```cs
public partial class PreviewWindowView : Window, IPreviewWindow
{
    private DispatcherTimer timer;
    public PreviewWindowView()
    {
        InitializeComponent();

        timer = new DispatcherTimer()
        {
            Interval = TimeSpan.FromSeconds(4),
        };
        timer.Tick += (s, a) => { CallPreviewDoneEvent(); };
        timer.Start();
    }

    public void CallPreviewDoneEvent()
    {
        timer.Stop();
        var cont = (Application.Current as AbdrakovApplication).Container;
        cont.Resolve<IEventAggregator>().GetEvent<PreviewDoneEvent>().Publish();
        this.Close();
    }
}
```

Your preview window should be also registered like this:
```cs
protected override void RegisterTypes(IContainerRegistry containerRegistry)
{
    base.RegisterTypes(containerRegistry);

    containerRegistry.RegisterSingleton<IPreviewWindow, PreviewWindowView>();

    // ...
}
```

Registered Window under *IBaseWindow* interface will be shown up after *PreviewDoneEvent* event call.

<h3>Theme registrations:</h3>  

Abdrakov.Solutions supports realtime theme change and flexible object registrations. Here is the sample code to register *ThemeSwitcherService* in your App (if you don't want the theme change service in your project you can skip this registration):
```cs
containerRegistry.RegisterInstance(new ThemeSwitcherService<Themes>()
{
    NameOfDictionary = "ThemeHolder",
    ThemeSources = new Dictionary<Themes, string>()
    {
        { Themes.Dark, "/Abdrakov.Demo;component/Resources/Themes/DarkTheme.xaml" },
        { Themes.Light, "/Abdrakov.Demo;component/Resources/Themes/LightTheme.xaml" },
    },
});
```

In my app *Themes* is an enum of themes for the app:
```c#
public enum Themes
{
    Dark,
    Light
}
```

Using the *ThemeSwitcherService* you can change an App's theme in realtime using method *ChangeTheme(theme)* and get current theme using method *GetCurrentTheme()*.   

For proper work of *ThemeSwitcherService* You should create *ResourceDictionaries* for each theme You have and a *ResourceDictionary* that will hold all the changes of themes. So in my project I created *DarkTheme.xaml*, *LightTheme.xaml* and *ThemeHolder.xaml*.  
*DarkTheme.xaml*:
```xaml
<ResourceDictionary xmlns="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml/presentation"
                    xmlns:x="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml">
    <Color x:Key="TextForegroundBrushColor">AliceBlue</Color>
    <SolidColorBrush x:Key="TextForegroundBrush" 
                     Color="{DynamicResource TextForegroundBrushColor}"/>

    <Color x:Key="WindowStatusBrushColor">#2f80ed</Color>
    <SolidColorBrush x:Key="WindowStatusBrush"
                     Color="{DynamicResource WindowStatusBrushColor}" />

    <Color x:Key="WindowBrushColor">#070c13</Color>
    <SolidColorBrush x:Key="WindowBrush"
                     Color="{DynamicResource WindowBrushColor}" />
</ResourceDictionary>
```
*LightTheme.xaml*:
```xaml
<ResourceDictionary xmlns="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml/presentation"
                    xmlns:x="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml">
    <Color x:Key="TextForegroundBrushColor">Black</Color>
    <SolidColorBrush x:Key="TextForegroundBrush"
                     Color="{DynamicResource TextForegroundBrushColor}" />
    
    <Color x:Key="WindowStatusBrushColor">#2f80ed</Color>
    <SolidColorBrush x:Key="WindowStatusBrush"
                     Color="{DynamicResource WindowStatusBrushColor}" />
    
    <Color x:Key="WindowBrushColor">#fefefe</Color>
    <SolidColorBrush x:Key="WindowBrush"
                     Color="{DynamicResource WindowBrushColor}" />
</ResourceDictionary>
```
*ThemeHolder.xaml* (You should set here a default theme):
```xaml
<ResourceDictionary xmlns="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml/presentation"
                    xmlns:x="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml">
    <ResourceDictionary.MergedDictionaries>
        <ResourceDictionary Source="/Abdrakov.Demo;component/Resources/Themes/DarkTheme.xaml"/>
    </ResourceDictionary.MergedDictionaries>
</ResourceDictionary>
```

Here are the colors and brushes that should be registered in your app:
- *TextForegroundBrush(Color)* - The colors of the product name and window buttons
- *WindowStatusBrush(Color)* - The colors of the window progress indicator
- *WindowBrush(Color)* - The colors of the window and window header backgrounds

The holder of *.xaml* theme files (*ThemeHolder.xaml*) should be merged into Your app resources like this:
```xaml
<engine:AbdrakovApplication x:Class="Abdrakov.Demo.App"
                            xmlns="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml/presentation"
                            xmlns:x="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml"
                            xmlns:local="clr-namespace:Abdrakov.Demo"
                            xmlns:engine="clr-namespace:Abdrakov.Engine.MVVM;assembly=Abdrakov.Engine">
    <Application.Resources>
        <ResourceDictionary>
            <ResourceDictionary.MergedDictionaries>
                <ResourceDictionary Source="/Abdrakov.Demo;component/Resources/Themes/ThemeHolder.xaml"/>
            </ResourceDictionary.MergedDictionaries>
        </ResourceDictionary>
    </Application.Resources>
</engine:AbdrakovApplication>
```
  
Registered colors and brushes could be used as DynamicResources like that:
```xaml
<Rectangle Fill="{DynamicResource TestBrush}"/>
```

There is also a *ThemeChangedEvent* event that is called through *IEventAggregator* with *ThemeChangedEventArgs*. You can subscribe like this (*IEventAggregator* is already resolved in *ViewModelBase*):
```c#
(Application.Current as AbdrakovApplication).Container.Resolve<IEventAggregator>().GetEvent<ThemeChangedEvent>().Subscribe(YourMethod);
```

<h3>Localization:</h3>  

*Abdrakov.Solutions* also provides you a great realtime localization solution. To use it you should create a folder *Localization* in your project and make some changes in your *App.xaml.cs* file:
```cs
public partial class App : AbdrakovApplication
{
    protected override void OnStartup(StartupEventArgs e)
    {
        LocalizationManager.InitializeExternal(Assembly.GetExecutingAssembly(), new ObservableCollection<Language>()
        {
            new Language() { Name = "EN" },
            new Language() { Name = "RU" },
        });  // initialization of LocalizationManager static service
        // ...
        base.OnStartup(e);
    }
}
```

In the *Localization* folder you create Resource files with translations and call it as follows - "FileName"."Language".resx (Gui.resx or Gui.ru.resx). Default resource file doesn't need to have the "Language" part.  

Now you can use it like this:
```xaml
<TextBlock Text="{LocalizedResource MainPage.TestText}"
            Foreground="{DynamicResource TextForegroundBrush}" />
```
Or via *Binding*s:
```xaml
<TextBlock Text="{LocalizedResource {Binding TestText}}"
            Foreground="{DynamicResource TextForegroundBrush}" />
```
(I have this in my *.resx* files):  
![image](https://github.com/CrackAndDie/Abdrakov.Solutions/assets/52558686/d7e8969d-1f9e-4f2d-938a-d6e9c483f16c)
![image](https://github.com/CrackAndDie/Abdrakov.Solutions/assets/52558686/56e85807-d49f-448e-8fe1-f49d0b4158ce)

To change current localization you can change *LocalizationManager.CurrentLanguage* property like this:
```cs
LocalizationManager.CurrentLanguage = CultureInfo.GetCultureInfo(lang.Name.ToLower());
```
In this examle *lang* is an instance of *Language* class.  

<h3>Window progress indicator:</h3>  

There is also a progress indicator on the *MainWindowView* header that could be used to show user current window status. To handle this status you can resolve *IWindowProgressService* service (or use *WindowProgressService* property of *ViewModelBase*) and use *AddWaiter()* method to add waiter to the service and *RemoveWaiter()* when the job is done. You can also handle *WindowProgressChangedEvent* by yourself using *IEventAggregator*.  

<h3>Logging:</h3>  

To log your app's work you can resolve *ILoggingService* that is just an adapter of *Log4netLoggingService* or use *LoggingService* property of *ViewModelBase*.  

You can find the log file in you running assembly directory called *cadlog.log*.  

<h3>Custom controls on window header:</h3>  

You can also create some Your custom control on the window header. There are two regions used for this - *Regions.HEADER_RIGHT_REGION* and *Regions.HEADER_LEFT_REGION*. The left one is on the left side of header progress bar and the right one is on the right side. The height of the header is 22 pixels. Here is an example of how to register there Your views:
```c#
internal class HeaderModule : IModule
{
    public void OnInitialized(IContainerProvider containerProvider)
    {
        var region = containerProvider.Resolve<IRegionManager>();

        region.RegisterViewWithRegion(Regions.HEADER_RIGHT_REGION, typeof(RightControlView));
        region.RegisterViewWithRegion(Regions.HEADER_LEFT_REGION, typeof(LeftControlView));
    }

    public void RegisterTypes(IContainerRegistry containerRegistry)
    {
        containerRegistry.RegisterForNavigation<RightControlView>();
        containerRegistry.RegisterForNavigation<LeftControlView>();
    }
}
```

<h3>Observables and Observers:</h3>  

*Abdrakov.Solutions* provides You some methods to observe property changes in a bindable class. An example:
```c#
this.WhenPropertyChanged(x => x.BindableBrush).Subscribe((b) =>
{
    Debug.WriteLine($"Current brush is: {b}");
});
```  
Where *BindableBrush* is declared as:
```c#
[Notify]
public SolidColorBrush BindableBrush { get; set; }
```  
You should use [DynamicData](https://github.com/reactivemarbles/DynamicData) or [ReactiveUI](https://github.com/reactiveui/ReactiveUI) that provide more powerful work with *Observer* pattern.

<h2>Powered by:</h2>  

- *Abdrakov.Solutions*' logo - [Regina Danilkina](https://www.behance.net/reginadanilkina)
- [Prism](https://github.com/PrismLibrary/Prism)
- [log4net](https://github.com/apache/logging-log4net)
- *Abdrakov.Engine.Localization* is a rewritten part of [WPFLocalizeExtension](https://github.com/XAMLMarkupExtensions/WPFLocalizeExtension)  

## SAST Tools

[PVS-Studio](https://pvs-studio.com/pvs-studio/?utm_source=website&utm_medium=github&utm_campaign=open_source) - static analyzer for C, C++, C#, and Java code.
